# Meeting Minutes

**Date:** 2026-03-13  
**Time:** 14:00–15:30  
**Place:** Hertie, room 2.31 & online (Teams)  
**Scrum Master:** Klaas  
**Recorder of Minutes:** Alexis  

| Attendees | Absent  |
|----------|----------|
| Klaas    | Bianca   |
| Helena   |          |
| Abhi     |          |
| Aarushi  |          |
| David    |          |
| Alexis   |          |


## Organisatory

### Check Dates for Group Meeting

**Q:** Should we keep every planned meeting? Maybe not in revision times?  
**A:** Let’s cancel the 27th of March to preserve time for the midterm revisions (simple majority vote, Bianca abstained).

**Q:** When is the project submission deadline?  
**A:** 9th of May.

---

### Sprint Planning (Dates and Time)

**Q:** How many sprints do we want?  
**A:** Unanimous decision on 3 sprints.

**Q:** When do we want to have sprints?  
**A:** Definitely one after the midterms. April 3rd - xx ; then the second one April 10th - xx. The last one May 2nd - xx.

**Q:** Any other organisatory points to raise?  
**A:** No.



## Setting Up Repository

### General Instructions in the Readme (Goal, Link to Dataset etc.)

**Q:** When do we want to have the .Readme completely ready?  
**A:** Alexis will update the .readme with the general information about the dataset soon. But the final file is likely to evolve until the last day of the project. Let’s keep this an open task until we have more content.

---

### Making everyone aware of Backlog

#### How does priority work?

- P0 is the highest, then descending order
- priority ranges from 0 (most urgent) to 2 (least urgent)

#### How to create a task?

- Using backlog, create an item.
- Select a deadline for the task you created.

#### More questions?
- No.

#### Add date retrospectively after the task is completed?
- Unanimous yes.



## Place For Minutes

Idea: Link to this Google Docs

note taker will upload the minutes in a markdown file on the GitHub (Alexis) (today)

Someone will be responsible for the assignment of tasks into the backlog product.



## Pull requests

Abhi gives an overview of how branches / forks work and outlines the team’s practices for this project.

- Abhi will be providing a written piece of instructions / a video demo. (15.03)
- A dedicated ‘practices’ file will be added to the GH repository (ABHI). (15.03)

#### Who will be the PR reviewer?
- We will be deciding this later on.



## Have a look at the Dataset

**Q:** Some team members cannot access the dataset as it is in a .zip file in Excel.  
**A:** Don’t use Excel. Open it on VS code using the dataframe function of Pandas. Just like we do in labs. Abhi and David show how one should go about this.

- i. Update .toml file on github (Abhi) (15.03)


## Short Check on Tasks

Team discussed the distribution of features to build and commented their relevance and respective strategy.
 - Each team member will be commenting on their chosen feature and try to code up one until next meeting.

---

## To Does

- Add more tasks and assign them to team members (Abhi) (13.03)
- Add retrospective date for task completion (David) (17.03.2026)
- Comment the features and add more complete information (everyone) (20.03)
- Everyone should (try to) implement one feature until 20.03
- Update readme with information about the dataset (15.03)
- upload the meeting minutes (Alexis) (13.03)
- Provide a written piece of instructions / a video demo (Abhi) (15.03)
- Add a dedicated ‘good_practices’ file to the GH repository (Abhi). (15.03)
